.TH "TERMSAVER" "1" "22 March 2012" "Termsaver" ""
.SH "NAME"
Termsaver \- A simple text-based terminal screensaver
.SH "SYNTAX"
.B termsaver
.RI [ SCREEN ]
.RI [ OPTIONS ]  
.br 
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B Termsaver
is a simple alternative for simulating command-line based 
screensavers right on the terminal, in text-based format. 
.P
To start the screensaver, execute 
.B Termsaver
command with proper options as described in detail below, and to close it, 
just use the standard 
.I Ctrl+C 
to interrupt it (or close the terminal window if you are on a desktop 
environment and no longer need it).
.br
.SH "SCREEN"
The 
.B Termsaver
application, to work properly, requires a 
.I screen
as argument, which represents the name of the screensaver to be loaded. Each 
.I screen, 
in turn, will have its own set of optional arguments, documented in its 
.B help
option.
.
.P
Here follows a list of currently available screens (note that this information
might become outdated if updates are not fully documented here, so always rely
on the 
.B help
option to display all 
.I screens
available):
.TP 
.B quotes4all     
displays recent quotes from quotes4all.net
.TP 
.B asciiartfarts  
displays ascii images from asciiartfarts.com (NSFW)
.TP 
.B rssfeed       
displays rss feed information
.TP 
.B clock          
displays a digital clock on screen
.TP 
.B randtxt       
displays word in random places on screen
.TP 
.B rfc           
randomly displays RFC contents
.TP 
.B programmer     
displays source code in typing animation
.TP 
.B urlfetcher     
displays url contents with typing animation
.TP 
.B jokes4all      
displays recent jokes from jokes4all.net (NSFW)
.TP 
.B matrix           
displays a matrix movie alike screensaver
.TP 
.B sysmon            
displays a graphic of CPU/MEM usage over time
.P
Refer to 
.B help
option for additional information for each
.I screen
usage and example.
.br
.SH "OPTIONS"
This program follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`\-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP 
.B \-h, \-\-help
Displays this help message
.TP 
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Displays python exception errors (for debugging)
.P
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.TP
Check all available screens to use:
.B    termsaver --help
.br
.TP
Run random text screensaver with extra arguments:
.B    termsaver
.I randtxt 
.BR --word " HelloWorld " --delay " 1 "

.SH "SEE ALSO"
See more information about this project at:
.br
.I http://termsaver.brunobraga.net

.br
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
 Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may
 not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain
 a copy of the License at
.P
     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.P
 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
 WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
 License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.
.br
.SH "AUTHORS"
Termsaver was written by Bruno Braga
.RI < bruno@brunobraga.net >, 
.br
and contributors.
.PP 
.SH "BUGS"
Report bugs to authors at:
.br
.I http://github.com/brunobraga/termsaver


